.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: ButtonList.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 19:57:39 drk $
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH ButtonList 3X
.SH NAME
\fBButtonList \fP\(em List of available Buttons for Automation
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LButtonList\*O
is a List of the available Buttons to be pressed, released, and clicked
within Automation scripts. This is derived from the \*EX Window System
Specifications\*O.
.IP "\*VBtn1\*O" 10n
Mouse Button1.
.IP "\*VBtn2\*O" 
Mouse Button2.
.IP "\*VBtn3\*O"
Mouse Button3.
.IP "\*VBtn4\*O"
Mouse Button4.
.IP "\*VBtn5\*O"
Mouse Button5.
.PP
For more information about \*LButtonList\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LPressMB(3X)\*O, \*LReleaseMB(3X)\*O, \*LClickMB(3X)\*O,
\*LDragComponent(3X)\*O, \*LDragXYRelative(3X)\*O, \*LDragSliderValue(3X)\*O,
\*LDragXYAbs\*O, \*LModifierList(3X)\*O
.ad
