.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: ClickMB.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 19:58:07 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH ClickMB 3X
.SH NAME
\*LClickMB \*O\(em Command to click any mouse button.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LClickMB\*O
\*V[ModifierList]* Button [Count]\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LClickMB\*O
command will simulate the clicking of a button on the standard mouse.
The button click may be modified by any combination of standard X modifiers. 
This function is usually follows a command to 
\*LLocatePointer\*O to a widget which accepts mouse input. The mouse
button click consists of a mouse button press immediately followed
by a mouse button release. This command takes an optional integer argument
\*Vcount\*O that allows the synthesis of multiple clicks.
.IP "\*V[ModifierList]*\*O" 10n
List of Modifiers to modify the mouse button click. For a full list of
available Modifiers see \*LModifierList(3X)\*O. Default is no modifiers.
.IP "\*VButton\*O"
Button to be clicked. For a full list of available Buttons see 
\*LButtonList(3X)\*O. 
.IP "\*V[Count]\*O"
The multiclick count. Default count is 1.
.PP 
For more information about \*LClickMB\*O, see
the \*VOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LClickMB <Shift> <Ctrl> Btn1 2\*O
.PP
This will double click mouse Button1 with Control and Shift modifiers.
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LLocatePointer(3X)\*O, \*LPressMB(3X)\*O, \*LReleaseMB(3X)\*O, 
\*LButtonList(3X)\*O, \*LModifierList(3X)\*O
.ad
