.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: ClickKey.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 19:57:53 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991,1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH ClickKey 3X
.SH NAME
\*LClickKey \*O\(em Convenience routine to press and release a key.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LClickKey\*O
\*V[ModifierList]* Key\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LClickKey\*O
command will simulate the clicking of any key on the standard keyboard,
including Motif Virtual Keys.
The key click maybe modified by any combination of the standard X modifiers.
This function usually follows a command to
\*LLocatePointer\*O to a widget which accepts keyboard input. The key
click is composed of a key press immediately followed by a key release. 
.IP "\*V[ModifierList]*\*O" 10n
List of Modifiers to modify the key click. For a full list of available
Modifiers see \*LModifierList(3X)\*O. Default is no modifiers.
.IP "\*VKey\*O"
Key to be clicked. For a full list of available Keys see \*LKeyList(3X)\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LClickKey <Shift> KPageDown\*O
.PP
This will click the KPageDown key with the modifier Shift.
.PP 
For more information about \*LClickKey\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LLocatePointer(3X)\*O, \*LPressKey(3X)\*O, \*LReleaseKey(3X)\*O, 
\*LKeyList(3X)\*O, \*LModifierList(3X)\*O
.ad
