.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: CompareVisual.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 19:58:20 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH CompareVisual 3X
.SH NAME
\*LCompareVisual \*O\(em Command to compare/record widget visuals.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LCompareVisual\*O
\*VWidgetName [Component]\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LCompareVisual\*O
command will either record or compare the visual of the widget \*VWidgetName\*O.
In record mode, \*LCompareVisual\*O will
record a visual image of the specified widget.
In playback mode, \*LCompareVisual\*O will
compare the requested widget or component of the widget against the image
stored in the visual comparison file.
If the stored image cannot be read, a warning will be
issued and visual comparisons will be turned off for the remainder
of the test. The visual algorithm records visual images independently
of the current colormap, therefore 
the specific colors used will not be compared. 
If the environment variable \*L$AUTOVPATH\*O is set, this path will
be prepended to the name of the visual comparison file for writing or
reading the visual file.
.IP "\*VWidgetName\*O" 10n
The XtName representing the widget you wish to take an action on.
.IP "\*V[Component]\*O"
Particular component within the widget. See \*LComponentList(3X)\*O for
a full list of supported Components.
.PP 
For more information about \*LCompareVisual\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LCompareVisual ArrowButton1\*O
.PP
This will either record or compare the widget ArrowButton1.
If the test is run with the -r option visuals will be 
recorded, else the visual comparisons will take place.
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LLocatePointer(3X)\*O
.ad
