.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: Continue.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 19:58:48 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH Continue 3X
.SH NAME
\*LContinue \*O\(em Command to continue an Automated script
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LContinue\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LContinue\*O
command will continue the current test being executed. First, the code
performs a \*LLocatePointer\*O to the OK 
(\*LContinue\*O) button of the instruction box, and then
and synthesizes a button press on Button1. 
Each \*LContinue\*O in the 
command script should have a corresponding CommonPause() in the client test
program. The program execute all scripting instructions up to the \*LContinue\*O command before continuing with the next set of commands.
.PP 
For more information about \*LContinue\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LContinue\*O
.PP
This will continue the current test.
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LExit(3X)\*O
.ad
