.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: DragXYRelative.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 19:59:37 drk $
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH DragXYRelative 3X
.SH NAME
\*LDragXYRelative \*O\(em Command to drag in Delta X, Delta Y direction
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LDragXYRelative\*O
\*VDirection Delta1 [Delta2]\*O
.br
\*V[ModifierList]* [Button]\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LDragXYRelative\*O
command will drag to a coordinate location in a widget hierarchy. 
The Drag will begin at the cursor's current location (see \*LLocatePointer\*O)
The destination coordinate will be determined by the parameters to this
function. Delta1 and Delta2 are changes in the X or Y direction
(depending on the value of Direction). The \*LDragXYRelative\*O command
is composed of a call to \*LPressMB\*O, a call to \*LLocatePointer\*O
to move to the second coordinate, and a call to \*LReleaseMB\*O.  
.IP "\*VDirection\*O" 14n
Direction in which to Drag. Valid values are \*LUp\*O, \*LDown\*O, \*LRight\*O,
\*LLeft\*O, and
\*LAny\*O. \*LAny\*O indicates a change in both the X and Y direction.
.IP "\*VDelta1\*O"
Change in either the X or Y direction. If \*VDirection\*O is either \*LUp\*O or
\*LDown\*O then \*VDelta1\*O is used as the change in the Y direction. 
If \*VDirection\*O
is \*LRight\*O, \*LLeft\*O, or \*LAny\*O, then \*VDelta1\*O 
is the change in the X direction.
.IP "\*V[Delta2]\*O"
Change in the Y direction (only used if \*VDirection\*O is \*LAny\*O).
.IP "\*V[ModifierList]*\*O" 
List of Modifiers to modify the mouse button press. For a full list of
available modifiers see \*LModifierList(3X)\*O. The default is no modifiers.
.IP "\*V[Button]\*O"
Button to be pressed. For a full list of available
buttons see \*LButtonList(3X)\*O. The default is Button1.
.PP 
For more information about \*LDragXYRelative\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LDragXYRelative Any 100 -10 <Alt> Btn3\*O
.PP
This result of this command is to Drag from the current location to
(CurrentX + 100, CurrentY - 10), using Button3 modified by the \*LAlt\*O key.
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LLocatePointer(3X)\*O, \*LPressMB(3X)\*O, \*LReleaseMB(3X)\*O, 
\*LDragComponent(3X)\*O, \*LDragSliderValue(3X)\*O, \*LModifierList(3X)\*O,
\*LComponentList(3X)\*O
.ad
