.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: DragSliderValue.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 19:59:23 drk $
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH DragSliderValue 3X
.SH NAME
\*LDragSliderValue \*O\(em Command to drag to an value level on
a Scale or ScrollBar.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LDragSliderValue\*O
\*VDirection Value [ModifierList]* [Button]\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LDragSliderValue\*O
command will drag to a particular value on a Scale or ScrollBar.
The \*LDragSliderValue\*O composed of a call to \*LPressMB\*O, a call to 
\*LLocatePointer\*O to move to the coordinates that represent the proper
Scale or ScrollBar value, and then a call to \*LReleaseMB\*O.
.IP "\*VDirection\*O" 13n
Direction in which to Drag. Valid values are \*VUp, Down, Right, Left\*O.
.IP "\*VValue\*O"
Value on the slider or Scale you wish to Drag to. Value must be
between \*LXmNminimum\*O and \*LXmNmaximum\*O. The literals \*LMin\*O and \*LMax\*O
may be used to specify the widget's maximum and minimum respectively.
.IP "\*V[ModifierList]*\*O"
List of Modifiers to modify the mouse button press. For a full list of
available Modifiers see \*LModifierList(3X)\*O. The default is no modifiers.
.IP "\*V[Button]\*O"
Button to be pressed. For a full list of available
Buttons see \*LButtonList(3X)\*O. The default is Button1.
.PP 
For more information about \*LDragSliderValue\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LDragSliderValue Up 97 <Ctrl> Btn2\*O
.PP
This command will generate a drag from the current location (usually
the scale's slider) upwards until the value of the scale is
97, using Button2 modified by the \*LCtrl\*O key.
.PP
Note that \*LMin\*O and \*LMax\*O are reversed for a
Scale and a ScrollBar. In a left-to-right environment, a Scale's \*LMax\*O 
is on top by default. A ScrollBar's
\*LMax\*O, however, is on the bottom by default.
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LLocatePointer(3X)\*O, \*LPressMB(3X)\*O, \*LReleaseMB(3X)\*O, 
\*LDragComponent(3X)\*O, \*LDragXYRelative(3X)\*O, \*LModifierList(3X)\*O,
\*LComponentList(3X)\*O
.ad
