.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: DragXYAbs.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 19:59:31 drk $
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH DragXYAbs 3X
.SH NAME
\*LDragXYAbs \*O\(em Command to drag to an absolute X and Y Location.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LDragXYAbs\*O
\*VXCoordinate YCoordinate [ModifierList]* [Button]\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LDragXYAbs\*O
command will drag to a coordinate location on the root window.
The drag will begin at the cursor's current location (see \*LLocatePointer\*O).
The destination coordinate is specified using the \*VXCoordinate\*O and
\*VYCoordinate\*O arguments. Both coordinates are relative to the root window.
The \*LDragXYAbs\*O command
is composed of a call to \*LPressMB\*O, a call to \*LLocatePointerXYAbs\*O
to move to the destination, and finally a call to \*LReleaseMB\*O.  
.IP "\*VXCoordinate\*O"
X coordinate relative to the root window.
.IP "\*VYCoordinate\*O"
Y coordinate relative to the root window.
.IP "\*V[ModifierList]*\*O"
List of modifiers to modify the mouse button press. For a full list of
available modifiers see \*LModifierList(3X)\*O. The default is no modifiers.
.IP "\*V[Button]\*O"
Button to be pressed. For a full list of available
buttons see \*LButtonList(3X)\*O. The default is Button1.
.PP 
For more information about \*LDragXYAbs\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LDragXYAbs 100 100 <Alt> Btn3\*O
.PP
This result of this command is to Drag from the current location to
(100, 100) with Button3 down and modified by Alt.
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LLocatePointerXYAbs(3X)\*O, \*LPressMB(3X)\*O, \*LReleaseMB(3X)\*O, 
\*LDragComponent(3X)\*O, \*LDragSliderValue(3X)\*O, \*LModifierList(3X)\*O,
\*LComponentList(3X)\*O
.ad
