.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: Exit.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 19:59:45 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH Exit 3X
.SH NAME
\*LExit \*O\(em Command to exit the current test.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LExit\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LExit\*O
command will exit the current test being executed. It will do this by
doing a \*LLocatePointer\*O to the cancel (\*LExit\*O) 
button of the instruction box
and pressing Button1. 
This command is usually executed
when all the script information has been executed and the test is ready
to finish.
.PP 
For more information about \*LExit\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LExit\*O
.PP
This will exit the current test.
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LContinue(3X)\*O
.ad
