.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: IconMenuPost.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 20:00:31 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH IconMenuPost 3X
.SH NAME
\*LIconMenuPost \*O\(em Command to post the system menu on the icon
window
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LIconMenuPost\*O
\*VWidgetName\*O 
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LIconMenuPost\*O
command will post the system menu on the icon window associated with
\*VWidgetName\*O.
If
\*VWidgetName\*O
is not a shell with its own window on the display, the window
of the nearest shell parent in the widget hierarchy will be used.
This function is executed by moving the pointer to the middle of
the icon window, and generating a Select button press.  If the 
icon is within the IconBox, and is not visible, scrolling in either the
horizontal or vertical direction will take place within the iconBox,
until the icon associated with \*VWidgetName\*O is visible.
.IP "\*VWidgetName\*O" 12n
The XtName representing the widget to be acted upon.
.PP
For more information about \*LIconMenuPost\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LIconMenuPost Shell1\*O
.PP
This command will move the pointer to the middle of the icon window
associated with \*LShell1\*O, and then generate a 
Select button press, thereby posting 
the menu.
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LIconMove\*O, \*LIconMenuSelect(3X)\*O, \*LIconMenuUnpost(3X)\*O
.ad
