.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: IconMenuSelect.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 20:00:41 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH IconMenuSelect 3X
.SH NAME
\*LIconMenuSelect \*O\(em Command to select an item from the icon menu
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LIconMenuSelect\*O
\*VWidgetName <ItemName | ItemNum>\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LIconMenuSelect\*O
command will select the menu item specified by 
\*VItemName\*O or
\*VItemNum\*O
from the icon menu of the window associated with
\*VWidgetName\*O.
If
\*VWidgetName\*O
is not a shell with its own window on the display, the window
of the nearest shell parent in the widget hierarchy will be used.
This function is executed by moving the pointer down the systemMenu
posted on the icon of the window to the item specified and
generating a Select button click.  If the icon is within the
iconBox, and is not visible, scrolling in horizontal and/or vertical
direction(s) is performed in the iconBox, until the icon associated with
\*VWidgetName\*O is visible. If the selected item is insensitive,
a warning will be printed, and the menu unposted.
.IP "\*VWidgetName\*O" 12n
The XtName representing the widget to be acted upon.
.IP "\*VItemName\*O"
Name of the item in the menu you wish to select.
.IP "\*VItemNum\*O" 
Number in the menu corresponding to the item you wish to select.
.PP
For more information about \*LIconMenuSelect\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LIconMenuSelect Shell1 Normalize\*O
.PP
This command will move the pointer to the item \*LNormalize\*O in the
icon window menu of Shell1 , and select it, thereby deiconifying the
window.
.PP
\*LIconMenuSelect Shell1 3\*O
.PP
This command will move the pointer to item number 3 of the icon window 
menu of Shell1, and select it.
.SH NOTE
\*EIn Release 1.2, the \*LMove\*E item is removed from the icon menu. 
However, the \*LMove\*E
operation is provided through the command \*LIconMove\*O.
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LIconMove\*O, \*LIconMenuPost(3X)\*O, \*LIconMenuUnpost(3X)\*O
.ad
