.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: IconMove.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 20:01:01 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH IconMove 3X
.SH NAME
\*LIconMove \*O\(em Command to move the icon
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LIconMove\*O
\*VWidgetName x y\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LIconMove\*O
command will move the icon window associated with the specified
\*VWidgetName\*O
to the location specified by
\*Vx, y\*O.
If the
\*VWidgetName\*O
is not a shell with its own window on the display, the window
of the nearest shell parent in the widget hierarchy will be used.
If the icon is within the iconBox, this command does nothing.
Otherwise, this function is executed by moving the pointer to the 
middle of the icon window, and generating a Select button 
press and drag until the icon window is positioned at
\*Vx, y\*O.
.IP "\*VWidgetName\*O" 10n
The XtName representing the widget to be acted upon.
.IP "\*Vx\*O" 10n
X coordinate of the new position on the screen to which you wish to move the
icon.
.IP "\*Vy\*O" 10n
Y coordinate of the new position on the screen to which you wish to move the
icon.
.PP
For more information about \*LIconMove\*O, see
the \*LOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
\*LIconMove Shell1 100 100\*O
.PP
This command will move the icon window associated with Shell1 to 
location (100, 100) on the screen, by visually dragging the icon window 
with the pointer. If iconBox is present, this command is a no-op.
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LIconMenuPost(3X)\*O, \*LIconMenuUnpost(3X)\*O, \*LIconMenuSelect(3X)\*O
.ad
