.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: InputString.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 20:01:12 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991,1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH InputString 3X
.SH NAME
\*LInputString \*O\(em Convenience routine to enter a Text string.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LInputString\*O
\*V"string"\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LInputString\*O
command will simulate the input of a complete character string. 
\*LInputString\*O simply
generates a call to \*LClickKey\*O for each character in the input
string. \*LInputString\*O is a shortcut for entering text into a 
Text or TextField widget.
.IP "\*Vstring\*O"
String to be input. Use \*L\\n\*O for a newline, and \*L\\t\*O for a Tab.
.PP 
For more information about \*LInputString\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LInputString "Hello\\nHow are\\tYOU"
.PP
This will enter the string:
.PP
Hello
.br
How are    YOU 
.PP
into a Text or TextField widget.
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LLocatePointer(3X)\*O, \*LPressKey(3X)\*O, \*LReleaseKey(3X)\*O, 
\*LKeyList(3X)\*O, \*LModifierList(3X)\*O, \*LClickKey(3X)\*O
.ad
