.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: KeyList.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 20:01:22 drk $
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH KeyList 3X
.SH NAME
\*LKeyList \*O\(em List of available keys for Automation.
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LKeyList\*O
is a List of the keyboard keys which can be within Automation. 
This list 
has two categories: first, a list of the Motif Virtual
Keys supported by Automation, and second, a list of supported standard keyboard
keys.  This list complies with the standard keys supported by X and Motif.
The user's .motifbind file may define additional or different
virtual bindings.
.SH Virtual Bindings:
\*VKBackSpace\*O,
\*VKInsert\*O,
\*VKDelete\*O,
\*VKCopy\*O,
\*VKCut\*O,
\*VKPaste\*O,
\*VKAddMode\*O,
\*VKPrimaryPaste\*O,
\*VKQuickPaste\*O,
\*VKPageUp\*O,
\*VKPageDown\*O,
\*VKEndLine\*O,
\*VKBeginLine\*O,
\*VKActivate\*O,
\*VKMenuBar\*O,
\*VKClear\*O,
\*VKCancel\*O,
\*VKHelp\*O,
\*VKMenu\*O,
\*VKSelect\*O,
\*VKUndo\*O,
\*VKUp\*O,
\*VKRight\*O,
\*VKDown\*O,
\*VKLeft\*O,
\*VKBackTab\*O,
\*VKBeginData\*O,
\*VKDeselectAll\*O,
\*VKEndData\*O,
\*VKEnter\*O,
\*VKEscape\*O,
\*VKExtend\*O,
\*VKNextField\*O,
\*VKNextMenu\*O,
\*VKPageRight\*O,
\*VKPageLeft\*O,
\*VKPrevField\*O,
\*VKPrevMenu\*O,
\*VKPrimaryCopy\*O,
\*VKPrimaryCut\*O,
\*VKQuickCopy\*O,
\*VKQuickCut\*O,
\*VKQuickExtend\*O,
\*VKReselect\*O,
\*VKRestore\*O,
\*VKSelectAll\*O,
\*VKSpace\*O,
\*VKTab\*O 
.SH Regular Keys:
\*VKa - Kz\*O,
\*VK0 - K9\*O,
\*VKSlash\*O,
\*VKBackSlash\*O,
\*VKBraceRight\*O,
\*VKBraceLeft\*O,
\*VKBracketRight\*O,
\*VKBracketLeft\*O,
\*VKReturn\*O,
\*VKExcalmation\*O,
\*VKAt\*O,
\*VKNumberSign\*O,
\*VKDollar\*O,
\*VKPercent\*O,
\*VKCaret\*O,
\*VKAmpersand\*O,
\*VKAsterisk\*O,
\*VKParenLeft\*O,
\*VKParenRight\*O
.PP
For more information about \*LKeyList\*O, in specific the uses of all these
keys see the \*LVirtualBindings(3X)\*O reference page 
in the \*EOSF/Motif Programmer's
Reference Manual\*O; also see the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance
Test Suite 
User's Guide\*O.
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LPressKey(3X)\*O, \*LReleaseKey(3X)\*O, \*LClickKey(3X)\*O,
\*LModifierList(3X)\*O
.ad
