.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: LocatePointerXYAbs.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 20:01:42 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH LocatePointerXYAbs 3X
.SH NAME
\*LLocatePointerXYAbs \*O\(em Command to move the pointer to absolute location
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LLocatePointerXYAbs\*O
\*VXCoordinate YCoordinate\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LLocatePointerXYAbs\*O
command will move the pointer to an absolute point on the root coordinate
system. 
.IP "\*VXCoordinate\*O" 14n
X Coordinate relative to the root.
.IP "\*VYCoordinate\*O"
Y Coordinate relative to the root.
.PP 
For more information about \*LLocatePointerXYAbs\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LLocatePointerXYAbs 500 500\*O
.PP
This will move the pointer to (500, 500) in the root window.
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LLocatePointer(3X), DragXYAbs(3X)\*O
.ad
