.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: Manual.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 20:01:53 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH Manual 3X
.SH NAME
\fBManual \fP\(em Command to enter Manual mode.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBManual\fP
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\fBManual\fP
command will put the test into Manual mode. Manual mode is when events
from the actual user can be sent to the current hierarchy. When Manual
mode is entered, an Information Dialog will be placed at (500, 0) which
is on top of the InstructionBox. To exit Manual mode, simply click on the
OK button of the Information Dialog, and the test will move the pointer 
back to the location where
it was located before Manual mode started. As soon as the OK button is
clicked, the test will go back into Automated mode. Manual mode should be
used as a debugging tool in conjuction with -W option. Once Automation has
created you the xwd dumps of the failed image, you can run the previous
version of the test (which compared properly) and use Manual to stop
Automated processing at the point of failure.
This way use can use xmag on the xwd dump and on the test running in Manual
mode to identify the pixel failures.
.SH EXAMPLE
\fBManual\fP
.PP
This will put the test in Manual mode.
.PP 
For more information about \fBManual\fP, see
the \fBOSF/Motif Test Suite Automation User's Guide\fP.
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
.ad
