.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: ModifierList.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 20:02:04 drk $
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH ModifierList 3X
.SH NAME
\*LModifierList \*O\(em List of available Modifiers for Automation.
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LModifierList\*O
is a List of the available Modifiers. Modifiers can be combined in any 
combination. No more than 5 different 
modifiers can be specified.  
This list is based on the modifiers supported by the \*EX Window System\*O.
.IP "\*V<Shift>\*O" 10n
Shift Modifier.
.IP "\*V<Lock>\*O" 
Lock Modifer.
.IP "\*V<Ctrl>\*O"
Control Modifer.
.IP "\*V<Meta>\*O"
Meta Modifier.
.IP "\*V<Alt>\*O"
Alt Modifier.
.IP "\*V<Mod1>\*O"
Mod1 Modifier.
.IP "\*V<Mod2>\*O"
Mod2 Modifier.
.IP "\*V<Mod3>\*O"
Mod3 Modifier.
.IP "\*V<Mod4>\*O"
Mod4 Modifier.
.IP "\*V<Mod5>\*O"
Mod5 Modifier.
.PP
For more information about \*LModifierList\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LPressMB(3X)\*O, \*LReleaseMB(3X)\*O, \*LClickMB\*O,
\*LDragComponent(3X)\*O, \*LDragXYRelative(3X)\*O, \*LDragSliderValue(3X)\*O,
\*LKeyList(3X)\*O, \*LButtonList(3X)\*O
.ad
