.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: PressMB.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 20:04:22 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH PressMB 3X
.SH NAME
\*LPressMB\*O\(em Command to press any mouse button.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LPressMB\*O
\*V[ModifierList]* Button\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LPressMB\*O
command will simulate the pressing of a button on the standard mouse.
This press maybe modified by any of the standard X modifiers (any
combination). This function is usually accompanied by doing a 
\*LLocatePointer\*O first to a region which accepts mouse input. 
Be sure that \*LPressMB\*O is executed over a widget in the current
widget hierarchy.
.IP "\*V[ModifierList]*\*O" 14n
List of Modifiers to modify the mouse button press. For a full list of
available Modifiers see \*LModifierList(3X)\*O. The default is no modifiers.
.IP "\*VButton\*O"
Button to be pressed. For a full list of available buttons 
see \*LButtonList(3X)\*O.
.PP
This will press mouse Button 1, with the Control and Shift modifiers held down.
.PP 
For more information about \*LPressMB\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LPressMB <Shift> <Ctrl> Btn1\*O
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LLocatePointer(3X)\*O, \*LReleaseMB(3X)\*O, \*LClickMB(3X)\*O, 
\*LButtonList(3X)\*O, \*LModifierList(3X)\*O
.ad
