.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: PressKey.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 20:04:08 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH PressKey 3X
.SH NAME
\*LPressKey \*O\(em Command to press a standard key.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LPressKey\*O
\*V[ModifierList]* Key\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LPressKey\*O
command will simulate the pressing of a key on the standard keyboard
(including Motif Virtual Keys).
The key press maybe modified by any of the standard X modifiers (any
combination). This function is usually accompanied by doing a 
\*LLocatePointer\*O first to a region which accepts keyboard input. 
Be sure that \*LPressKey\*O is executed over a widget in the current
widget hierarchy.
.IP "\*V[ModifierList]*\*O" 14n
List of Modifiers to modify the key press. For a full list of available
Modifiers see \*LModifierList(3X)\*O. The default is no modifiers.
.IP "\*VButton\*O"
Key to be pressed. For a full list of available Keys see \*LKeyList(3X)\*O.
.PP 
For more information about \*LPressKey\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LPressKey <Alt> KRight\*O
.PP
This will press the KRight (right arrow) key with the modifier Alt.
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LLocatePointer(3X)\*O, \*LReleaseKey(3X)\*O, \*LClickKey(3X)\*O, 
\*LKeyList(3X)\*O, \*LModifierList(3X)\*O
.ad
