.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: System.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 20:05:22 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH System 3X
.SH NAME
\*LSystem \*O\(em Command to call \*LUNIX\*O system calls
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LSystem\*O
\*VSystemCommand [CommandArgs]*\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LSystem\*O
command will allow the user to make a \*LUNIX\*O system call
within the script language. This can be used to start processes
which are required to be running before a test is executed. The
process may be system process such as \*Lps\*O or \*Lkill\*O, or can be a user
defined process such as a shell script.  The \*LSystem\*O 
command is implemented by forking a child process and then executing
the command via exec(). 
.IP "\*VSystemCommand\*O" 16n
Name of the command you wish to execute (either system or user defined).
.IP "\*V[CommandArgs]*\*O"
List of arguments to the command you wish to execute. Default is no arguments.
.PP 
For more information about \*LSystem\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LSystem mwm -multiscreen\*O
.PP
This will execute the command mwm with the argument -multiscreen.
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
