.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: Wait.3X /main/3 1995/07/13 20:05:30 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH Wait 3X
.SH NAME
\*LWait \*O\(em Command to Wait an Automated script
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LWait\*O
\*VSeconds\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LWait\*O
command will wait in the current position for \*VSeconds\*O number of
seconds. The command is very usefull when scrolling in a ScrolledList or
ScrolledText widget when the widget contains a good amount of information.
Since the scrolling actions are timer based, a simple \*LDragSliderValue\*O
may not produce the desired effect. If you follow a \*LDragSliderValue\*O
with a \*LWait 10\*O then the scrolled widget should have enough time to
fully scroll through all its data. While the program is waiting, all
events will be processed.
.IP "\*VSeconds\*O" 10n
Number of seconds to wait in the current position.
.PP 
For more information about \*LWait\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LWait 10\*O
.PP
This will cause the client to wait in its current state for 10 seconds.
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LDragComponent(3X)\*O, \*LDragXYRelative(3X)\*O, \*LDragSliderValue(3X)\*O,
\*LDragXYAbs(3X)\*O
.ad
