.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: WindowNormalize.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 20:07:32 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH WindowNormalize 3X
.SH NAME
\*LWindowNormalize \*O\(em Command to bring a window to its normal size
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LWindowNormalize\*O
\*VWidgetName\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LWindowNormalize\*O
command will bring the window associated with
\*VWidgetName\*O, to its normal size from its maximized state.
If
\*VWidgetName\*O
is not a shell with its own window on the display, the window
of the nearest shell parent in the widget hierarchy will be used.
This function is executed by moving the pointer to the maximize
button of the window in maximized state, and generating a mouse 
Select button click.
.IP "\*VWidgetName\*O" 14n
The XtName of the widget to be acted upon.
.PP
For more information about \*LWindowNormalize\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LWindowNormalize Shell1\*O
.PP
This command will move the pointer to the maximize button of the window
associated with \*LShell1\*O in its maximized state, and generate a Select 
button click, thereby making the window go back to its normal size.
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LWindowRaise(3X)\*O, \*LWindowIconify(3X)\*O, \*LWindowDeiconify(3X)\*O,
\*LWindowMenuPost(3X)\*O, \*LWindowMenuUnpost(3X)\*O, 
\*LWindowMenuSelect(3X)\*O, \*LWindowMaximize(3X)\*O, \*LWindowMove(3X)\*O
\*LWindowResize(3X)\*O, \*LWindowFocus(3X)\*O
.ad
