.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: WindowItemCheck.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 20:06:11 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH WindowItemCheck 3X
.SH NAME
\*LWindowItemCheck \*O\(em Command to check the existance of a window 
decoration or a window menu item of a window
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LWindowItemCheck\*O
\*VWidgetName ItemGroup ItemName\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LWindowItemCheck\*O
command will check whether the item specified by \*VItemName\*O is
present as part of the \*VItemGroup\*O in the window associated with
\*VWidgetName\*O.
If
\*VWidgetName\*O
is not a shell with its own window on the display, the window
of the nearest shell parent in the widget hierarchy will be used.
\*VItemGroup\*O can be one of \*LRWindowDecoration\*O, \*LRWindowMenu\*O,
or \*LRIconMenu\*O, and indicates which portion of window management will
be checked. The command prints out a message saying
whether the specified item is present or not.
.PP
If \*VItemGroup\*O is specified as \*LRWindowDecoration\*O, then 
\*VItemName\*O should be one of \*LRResizeHandles\*O, \*LRBorder\*O, 
\*LRTitle\*O, \*LRSystemMenu\*O, \*LRMinimize\*O, or \*LRMaximize\*O. If,
on the other hand, \*VItemGroup\*O is either \*LRWindowMenu\*O, or 
\*LRIconMenu\*O, then \*VItemName\*O can be any character string.
.IP "\*VWidgetName\*O" 14n
The XtName of the widget to be acted upon.
.IP "\*VItemGroup\*O" 14n
String defining the group indicating the part of the window management
that is being checked.
.IP "\*VItemName\*O" 14n
String defining the actual item that is being checked for existance.
.PP
For more information about \*LWindowItemCheck\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LWindowItemCheck Shell1 RWindowDecoration RMinimize\*O
.PP
This will check the window decoration for the presence of minimize button.
If the minimize button is present the message, the following message will
be printed.
.oS
RMinimize IS present as part of decorations.
.oE
.PP
If RMinimize is not present, the following message will be printed.
.oS
RMinimize NOT present as part of decorations.
.oE
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LWindowRaise(3X)\*O, \*LWindowIconify(3X)\*O, \*LWindowDeiconify(3X)\*O,
\*LWindowMenuPost(3X)\*O, \*LWindowMenuUnpost(3X)\*O, 
\*LWindowMenuSelect(3X)\*O, \*LWindowMaximize(3X)\*O, 
\*LWindowNormalize(3X)\*O, \*LWindowMove(3X)\*O \*LWindowResize(3X)\*O, 
\*LWindowFocus(3X)\*O
.ad
