.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: WindowMove.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 20:07:20 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH WindowMove 3X
.SH NAME
\*LWindowMove \*O\(em Command to move a window
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LWindowMove\*O
\*VWidgetName x y\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LWindowMove\*O
command will move the window associated with
\*VWidgetName\*O
to the location
\*Vx, y\*O.
If
\*VWidgetName\*O
is not a shell with its own window on the display, the window
of the nearest shell parent in the widget hierarchy will be used.
This function is executed by moving the pointer to the middle of
the titlebar of the window, generating a mouse Select button press
and drag until the window is positioned at
\*Vx, y\*O. When using \*LWindowMove\*O with a TearOff Menu, 
\*VWidgetName\*O should be one of the widgets contained in the original
Pulldown or PopupMenu.
.IP "\*VWidgetName\*O" 14n
The XtName of the widget to be acted upon.
.IP "\*Vx\*O" 14n
X coordinate of the new position on the screen to which you wish to move the
window.
.IP "\*Vy\*O" 14n
Y coordinate of the new position on the screen to which you wish to move the
window.
.PP
For more information about \*LWindowMove\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
\*LWindowMove Shell1 100 100\*O
.PP
This command will move the window associated with Shell1 to location 
(100, 100) on the screen, by visually dragging the window with the pointer.
.PP
\*LWindowMove pushbutton 100 100\*O
.PP
If the Pulldown or PoupMenu that contains pushbutton has just been torn
off, this command will move the TearOff window to location (100, 100) on 
the screen, by visually dragging the window with the pointer.
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LWindowRaise(3X)\*O, \*LWindowIconify(3X)\*O, \*LWindowDeiconify(3X)\*O, 
\*LWindowMenuPost(3X)\*O, \*LWindowMenuUnpost(3X)\*O, 
\*LWindowMenuSelect(3X)\*O, \*LWindowMaximize(3X)\*O, 
\*LWindowNormalize(3X)\*O, \*LWindowResize(3X)\*O, \*LWindowFocus(3X)\*O
.ad
