.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: WindowDeiconify.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 20:05:40 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH WindowDeiconify 3X
.SH NAME
\*LWindowDeiconify \*O\(em Command to deiconify a window
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LWindowDeiconify\*O
\*VWidgetName\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LWindowDeiconify\*O
command will deiconify the window associated with
\*VWidgetName\*O.
If
\*VWidgetName\*O
is not a shell with its own window on the display, the window
of the nearest shell parent in the widget hierarchy will be used.
If the icon is within the IconBox, and is not visible, scrolling
in horizontal and/or vertical direction(s) is performed in the
iconBox, until the icon associated with
\*VWidgetName\*O
is visible. Actual deiconifying is executed by moving the pointer
to the icon within/without the iconBox, and generating a double click
of the Select button.
.IP "\*VWidgetName\*O" 14n
The XtName of the widget to be acted upon.
.PP
For more information about \*LWindowDeiconify\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LWindowDeiconify Shell1\*O
.PP
This will move the pointer to the icon of \*LShell1\*O and deiconify it by
generating a double click of the Select button. If the icon is within the
IconBox and not within view, this command will first move the
pointer to horizontal and/or vertical scrollbars of the IconBox, and
generate the necessary number of button clicks to scroll the icon 
into view.
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LWindowRaise(3X)\*O, \*LWindowIconify(3X)\*O, \*LWindowMenuPost(3X)\*O, 
\*LWindowMenuUnpost(3X)\*O, \*LWindowMenuSelect(3X)\*O, 
\*LWindowMaximize(3X)\*O, \*LWindowNormalize(3X)\*O, \*LWindowMove(3X)\*O
\*LWindowResize(3X)\*O, \*LWindowFocus(3X)\*O
.ad
