.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: WindowMenuSelect.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 20:06:52 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH WindowMenuSelect 3X
.SH NAME
\*LWindowMenuSelect \*O\(em Command to select an item from the window menu
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LWindowMenuSelect\*O
\*Vwidgetname <ItemName | ItemNum>\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LWindowMenuSelect\*O
command will select the menu item specified by 
\*VItemName\*O or
\*VItemNum\*O
from the window menu on the window associated with
\*Vwidgetname\*O.
If
\*Vwidgetname\*O
is not a shell with its own window on the display, the window
of the nearest shell parent in the widget hierarchy will be used.
This function is executed by moving the pointer down the systemMenu
to the item specified and generating a Select button click.
If the selected item is insensitive, a warning will be printed and 
the menu unposted.
.IP "\*Vwidgetname\*O" 14n
The XtName of the widget to be acted upon.
.IP "\*VItemName\*O" 14n
Name of the item in the menu you wish to select.
.IP "\*VItemNum\*O" 14n
Number in the menu corresponding to the item you wish to select.
.PP
For more information about \*LWindowMenuSelect\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LWindowMenuSelect Shell1 Lower\*O
.PP
This command will move the pointer to the item \*LLower\*O in the
window menu of the window associated with \*LShell1\*O, and select it.
.PP
\*LWindowMenuSelect Shell1 3\*O
.PP
This command will move the pointer to item number 3 of the window menu
of the window associated with \*LShell1\*O, and select it.
.SH NOTE
\*EIn version 1.2, items \*LMove\*E and \*LSize\*E 
are removed from the window menu. 
However, the corresponding operations are provided through the commands 
\*LWindowMove\*E and \*LWindowResize\*E respectively\*O.
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LWindowRaise(3X)\*O, \*LWindowIconify(3X)\*O, \*LWindowDeIconify(3X)\*O, 
\*LWindowMenuPost(3X)\*O, \*LWindowMenuUnPost(3X)\*O, 
\*LWindowMaximize(3X)\*O, \*LWindowNormalize(3X)\*O, \*LWindowMove(3X)\*O
\*LWindowResize(3X)\*O, \*LWindowFocus(3X)\*O
.ad
