.\" $XConsortium: simple_drop.man /main/4 1995/07/17 10:46:05 drk $
.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
.TH simple_drop 1X MOTIF "Demonstration programs"
.SH NAME
\*Lsimple_drop\*O\(emDemonstrates how to add an XmNdestinationCallback to an XmDrawingArea widget 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sS
\*Lsimple_drop\*O \*V<pixmap_file>\*O
.sE
.SH DESCRIPTION
\*Lsimple_drop\*O illustrates how an application can add an
\*LXmNdestinationCallback\*O to an \*LXmDrawingArea\*O widget. 
.PP
You must specify the name of a \*Vpixmap_file\*O as the only 
argument to \*Lsimple_drop\*O.  The specified \*Vpixmap_file\*O
will be displayed in the Label widget.  
.PP
You should drag the pixmap from the Label widget and drop it in
the framed DrawingArea widget.  The application extends the
DrawingArea widget so that it can act as the destination for a
pixmap transfer.  After the pixmap has been successfully transferred,
it will be displayed inside the DrawingArea.
.PP
For details on the code, see Chapter 17 of the "OSF/Motif Programmer's
Guide."
