.DT
.TH XmButtonBox 3X ""
.SH NAME
The Button Box widget
.SH SYNOPSIS
#include <Xm/ButtonBox.h>
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.TS
tab (%);
l l.
.TE
.PP
The Button Box widget manages children (usually buttons) in a single row or single 
column layout.
.PP
The Button Box maintains equal spacing between its children at all times and attempts 
to adjust its height and width as necessary so that all children will fit. If this is not 
possible, due to parent or application programmer constraints, the Button Box will resize 
its children as necessary to fit within the available space.
.PP
Note: in what follows, major direction refers to the direction of orientation, and minor 
direction refers to the perpendicular direction.
.PP
.SH Normal Resources
.PP
.TS
tab (%);
l l l l.
Name%Class%Type%Initial Value
equalSize%EqualSize%Boolean%False
fillOption%FillOption%unsigned char%XmFillNone
marginHeight%Margin%VerticalDimension%0
marginWidth%Margin%HorizontalDimension%0
orientation%Orientation%unsigned char%XmHORIZONTAL
.TE
.PP
All resource names begin with XmN and all resource class names begin with XmC.
.PP
.SH equalSize
.PP
Specifies whether the children are to be maintained with equal sized heights and 
widths. The chosen height and width for the children is found by asking each 
child for its preferred size and taking the largest value in each direction.
.PP
.SH fillOption
.PP
Specifies how to use any extra space left over once all children have been sized 
according to either their preference or equalSize. There are four options:
.PP
.SH XmFillNone	
.PP
No automatic filling is performed. Center the children in the minor direction and
place the children with equal padding between them in the major direction.
.PP
.SH XmFillMinor
.PP	
Place the children with equal padding between them in 
the major direction, but force all the children to take on 
the Button Box minor dimension as their minor 
direction.
.PP
.SH XmFillMajor
.PP	
Center the children in the minor direction, but expand 
all the children in their major direction so that there is 
no padding between them. Expand the children such 
that their relative sizes remain constant.
.PP
.SH XmFillAll
.PP	
This option combines the placement actions and sizing 
actions of XmFillMinor and XmFillMajor.
.PP
Regardless of the fill mode, the ButtonBox widget will always leave the specified 
margin between its edge and the nearest child. A new String to fillOption 
resource converter has been registered to convert the following strings to fill 
options: "none", "major", "minor", "all." This resource can therefore be set in an 
application defaults file.
.PP
.SH marginHeight
.PP
.SH marginWidth
.PP
Specifies the number of pixels to use as a margin around the entire group of 
children. The marginHeight value applies to both the top and bottom margins, 
while the marginWidth applies to the left and right margins. 
.PP
.SH orientation
.PP
Specifies whether children are to be placed in a row or a column. The orientation 
may be either XmHORIZONTAL or XmVERTICAL. If the orientation is 
XmHORIZONTAL, the children are placed in a row with the major dimension 
being width and the minor dimension being height. If the value is 
XmVERTICAL, the children are placed in a column with the major dimension 
being height and the minor dimension being width. The default value is 
XmHORIZONTAL.
.PP
.SH Convenience Routines
.PP
.SH 
.HP 5
.SH XmCreateButtonBox
.nf
XmCreateButtonBox(
	Widget parent,     /* Widget id of parent for new ButtonBox */
	String name,       /* Name of the created widget */
	ArgList args,      /* argument list */
	Cardinal num_args  /* number of items in argument list */
	)				 

.nf
.SH Translations and Actions:
.PP
The Button Box manager inherits all of its translations and actions from its 
superclass. 
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright (c) 1992 by Integrated Computer Solutions, Inc.
