.TH XmColumn 1 "January 2002" "Manual page for XmColum"
.\"
.\" January 1st 2002
.\" Man page author:
.\"	Jeff LeBlanc <jeffl@ics.com>
.SH NAME
.I XmColumn
The XmColumn Widget Class
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <Xm/Column.h>
.SH DESCRIPTION
The Column widget displays its children stacked in a column, each with an optional associated 
label: labels appear in one column, and children in another. This is useful for displaying, for 
example, labeled data-entry fields.  It can also display all label-child pairs in a horizontal 
orientation.This widget offers several constraint resources that allow specification of 
characteristics of the label, such as displaying text or a pixmap, alignment of text, font to use, and so forth. It also offers several resources for setting defaults for children that specify no specic values.
.SH Classes 
.br
Column inherits behavior and resources from Core, Composite, Constraint, XmManager, and 
XmBulletinBoard.
.br
.SH Resources
.br
.B XmNdefaultEntryLabelAlignment
Specifies the default XmNentryLabelAlignment to use when a child specifies no significant value.
Resources that specify Alignment have values of XmALIGNMENT_BEGINNING, 
.br
.B XmALIGNMENT_CENTER, XmALIGNMENT_END, and XmALIGNMENT_UNSPECIFIED. 
Valid string values that can be used in a resources file are: alignment_unspecified, unspecified, 
alignment_beginning, beginning, alignment_center, center, alignment_end, end. 
.br
.B XmNdefaultEntryLabelFontList
Specifies the default XmNentryLabelFontList to use when a child specifies no significant value. If 
unspecified, uses XmNlabelFontList resource of the XmBulletinBoard.
.br
.B XmNdefaultFillStyle
Specifies the default XmNfillStyle to use when a child specifies no significant value. 
.br
.B XmNdistribution
Specifies whether the spacing between each pair of rows should be increased equally 
(XmDISTRIBUTE_SPREAD) or remain constant (XmDISTRIBUTE_TIGHT) when the column is 
resized vertically to be larger than its natural size. This resource has no effect if any child has its 
.br
.B XmNstretchable resource set to True. This resource is valid only when the orientation is vertical.
.br
.B XmNitemSpacing
Specifies the spacing between each pair of rows (in vertical orientation) or between pairs of labels 
and children (in horizontal orientation).
.br
.B XmNlabelSpacing
Specifies the spacing between the column containing the labels and the column containing the 
XmColumn's children.
.br
.B XmNorientation
Specifies the layout direction of the XmColumn. When XmVERTICAL, the widgets and their 
associated labels are laid out in two vertical columns. When XmHORIZONTAL, the widgets and 
their associated labels are laid out in a single row.
.br
.SH Constraint Resources
.br The visual appearance of columns is affected by setting constraint resources on the children of 
the XmColumn.
These resources are derived from those supported by XmLabel; see the manual page for XmLabel 
for valid values and usage.
.br
.B XmNentryLabelAlignment
Specifies justification of text within the child's associated label. Valid values are the same as 
those for XmNdefaultEntryLabelAlignment.
.br
.B XmNentryLabelFontList
Specifies fontList used to render the text within the child's associated label.
.br
.B XmNentryLabelPixmap
Specifies the pixmap used in the child's associated label.
.br
.B XmNentryLabelString
Specifies the text used in the child's associated label.
.br
.B XmNentryLabelType
Specifies whether to display a string (XmSTRING) or a pixmap (XmPIXMAP) in the child's 
associated label. 
.br
.B XmNfillStyle
Specifies whether the child should be displayed at its natural size (XmFILL_RAGGED) or 
stretched to fill the entire width of the column it is displayed within (XmFILL_FLUSH). 
.br
.B XmFILL_UNSPECIFIED uses the value of the XmColumn's XmNdefaultFillStyle.
.br
.B XmNshowEntryLabel
Specifies whether or not to display the child's associated label.
.br
.B XmNstretchable
Specifies whether the child should expand in size proportionately when the XmColumn is resized 
vertically to be larger than its natural size.
.SH Translations and Actions
.SH "RELATED"
.PP
\fBComposite\fP(3),
\fBCore\fP(3),
\fBXmBulletinBoard\fP(3),
\fBXmCreateColumn\fP(3),
\fBXmManager\fP(3),
\fBXmVaCreateColumn\fP(3), and
\fBXmVaCreateManagedColumn\fP(3)\&.
.br
.SH VERSION
This manual page documents the XmColumn widget shipped in Motif version 2.2
.SH AUTHOR
.br
(c) 2002 by Integrated Computer Solutions, Inc.
.LP
Edited by Kevin Cook.
.PP
