.TH XmDataField 1 "January 2002" "Manual page for XmDataField"<br>
.\"
.\" January 1st 2002
.\" Man page author:
.\"	Jeff LeBlanc <jeffl@ics.com>
.SH NAME
.I XmDataField
The DataField widget class
.SH SYNOPSIS 
.B #include <Xm/DataF.h>
.SH DESCRIPTION
The DataField widget is a Data Presentation widget that handles display and entry of data as text. 
The DataField widget is a subclass of the Motif XmTextField widget intended for data entry 
applications. In addition to all of the normal XmTextField functionality, it supports regular 
expression-based parsing and acceptance/rejection of its input through the XmNpicture resource, 
and right justification through the XmNalignment resource. 
.br
.PP
.B Keyboard navigation
.PP
Typical business applications demand better keyboard traversal than provided by Motif. The 
DataField widget provides added capability by supporting several types of validation: a 
DataField widget containing an invalid value will not give-up focus; the user must enter a correct 
value before proceeding to another field.
.SH Classes and Inherited Resources
DataField inherits behavior and resources from Core, XmPrimitive, and XmTextField. For a 
complete description of each resource, refer to the OSF/Motif Programmer’s Reference.
.br
.B Resources
.br
.B XmNalignment
When set to XmALIGNMENT_END, the widget aligns all its text with the right hand side of the 
input area.
.br
.B XmNautoFill
When set to True, the widget "auto-fills" its contents when it can determine that the next 
character in the string must be a particular literal. For instance, the picture "###-####" 
automatically inserts a '-' character after receiving three numeric digits as input.
.br
.B XmNpicture
Specifies a picture for data entry in the widget. A picture acts as a template that formats the value 
you enter in a field. An example would be the US Phone Number picture: (###)###-####. The 
picture is used to convert characters entered into the field to a formatted value.
.br
.TP Character interpretations
.br
The following lists and defines the characters you can use in a picture, and how the 
DataField widget interprets them.
.TP  
.IR #
.RI Any numeric digit
.TP 
.IR ?
.RI Case insensitive letter
.TP 
.IR &
.RI Uppercase letter (forces lowercase to uppercase)
.TP 
.IR @
.RI Case insensitive character
.TP 
.IR !
.RI Uppercase character
.TP 
.IR ;
.RI Interpret the following character literally
.TP 
.IR *
.RI Repeat the following character some number of times
.TP 
.IR []
.RI Characters within brackets are optional
.TP 
.IR {}
.RI Characters within braces are grouped
.TP 
.IR ,
.RI Alternative values
.TP 
Other characters are interpreted literally.
Set XmNpicture to NULL to disable regular expression processing. The DataField widget is 
cleared whenever the XmNpicture resource is changed.
.br
.B XmNpictureErrorCallback
Specifies a list of callbacks to be called when the XmDataField widget determines that data is 
being entered that does not match the format specified by the XmNpicture resource.
.br
.B XmNvalidateCallback
Specifies a list of callbacks to be called when data has been entered in the XmDataField widget 
and the user has moved out of the XmDataField widget (usually by pressing the Tab key). The 
callbacks can reject the movement of focus. 
.br
.SH Callback Routines
.br A pointer to the following structure is passed to the list of routines for the XmNvalidateCallback:
.nf
typedef struct _XmDataFieldCallbackStruct {
	Widget   w;       /* The XmDataField */   
	String   text;    /* Proposed string */   
	Boolean  accept;  /* Accept return value, for validation */
} XmDataFieldCallbackStruct;
.nf
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.br
.SH WARNINGS
.br
.SH VERSION
This manual page documents the XmColumn widget shipped in Motif version 2.2
.SH AUTHOR
.br
(c) 2002 by Integrated Computer Solutions, Inc.
.LP
Edited by Kevin Cook.
.PP
