.\" $XConsortium: spin_box.man /main/4 1995/07/17 10:44:54 drk $
.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
.TH spin_box 1X MOTIF "Demonstration programs"
.SH NAME
\*Lspin_box\*O\(emDemonstrates how to use XmSpinBox in a simple application 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sS
\*Lspin_box\*O
.sE
.SH DESCRIPTION
\*Lspin_box\*O illustrates how to use an XmComboBox into an application. 
The application creates seven different SpinBoxes for you to manipulate.
Click the ArrowButtons next to each SpinBox in order to increment or
decrement the values of the SpinBox Children.
.PP
For details on the code, see Chapter 6 of the "OSF/Motif Programmer's
Guide."
