.\" $XConsortium: draw.man /main/4 1995/07/17 10:46:58 drk $
.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
.TH draw 1X MOTIF "Demonstration programs"
.SH NAME
\*Ldraw\*O\ - a ScrolledWindow/DrawingArea graphic demo.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sS
\*Ldraw\*O
.sE
.SH DESCRIPTION
\*LDraw\*O
provides a demonstration of using a DrawingArea in an AUTOMATIC
ScrolledWindow. 

.SH Files
.nf
.ta 1.2i
XmdDraw: the app-default file is very important for usability.
Try running something like: (XENVIRONMENT=XmdDraw draw) 
.fi
.SH X Defaults
The class of this application is \fIXmdDraw\fR.  

.SH Editres: 
Draw is Editres aware, so you can use 'editres' to see the
names of the widgets in the instance hierarchy.

