.\" $TOG: xmkmf.man /main/9 1998/02/06 11:25:04 kaleb $
.\" 
.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
.TH XMKMF 1 "Release 6.4" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
xmkmf \- create a Makefile from an Imakefile
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B xmkmf
[ -a ] [
.I topdir
[
.I curdir
] ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.I xmkmf
command is the normal way to create a
.I Makefile 
from an
.I Imakefile
shipped with third-party software.
.PP
When invoked with no arguments in a directory containing an
.I Imakefile,
the
.I imake
program is run with arguments appropriate for your system
(configured into
.I xmkmf
when X was built) and generates a
.I Makefile.
.PP
When invoked with the
.I \-a
option,
.I xmkmf
builds the
.I Makefile
in the current directory, and then automatically executes
``make Makefiles'' (in case there are subdirectories),
``make includes'',
and ``make depend'' for you.
This is the normal way to configure software that is outside
the X Consortium build tree.
.PP
If working inside the X Consortium build tree (unlikely unless you 
are an X developer, and even then this option is never really used), the
.I topdir
argument should be specified as the relative pathname from the
current directory to the top of the build tree.  Optionally,
.I curdir
may be specified as a relative pathname from the top of the build
tree to the current directory.  It is necessary to supply
.I curdir
if the current directory has subdirectories, or the
.I Makefile
will not be able to build the subdirectories.
If a
.I topdir
is given,
.I xmkmf
assumes nothing is installed on your system and looks for files in
the build tree instead of using the installed versions.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
imake(1)
