.\" $XConsortium: todo.man /main/4 1995/07/17 10:49:07 drk $
.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
.TH todo 1X MOTIF "Demonstration programs"
.SH NAME
\*Ltodo\*O \(em Manage todo lists
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sS
\*Ltodo [-todoFile pathname] \*O
.sE
.SH DESCRIPTION
\*LTodo\*O
is a simple todo list manager.  It provides a demonstration of the
XmNotebook widget.  To use 
\*Ltodo\*O,  you should be able to simply run it
from any directory.  By default it reads its database from your
home directory,  but this can be overriden by \fIpathname\fR.
.SH Files
.nf
.ta 1.2i
$HOME/.todo	The user's todo list
.fi
.SH X Defaults
The class of this application is \fIXmDTodo\fR.  The name of the widgets
of particular interest are:

.nf
.ta 1.2i
notebook	The XmNotebook widget
text	The XmText widget
label	The status area XmLabel widget
.fi

To set a specific resource in your \fI.Xdefaults\fR file,  you specify the
particular widget and resource.  For example,  if we wished to assign specific
colors to the text widget's and notebook widget's background, we could
do the following:

.nf
.ta 3i
XmDTodo*notebook.background:	forestgreen
XmDTodo*text.background:	white
.fi

Additionally there is an application resource to set the default
todo file location:

.nf
.ta 3i
XmDTodo*todoFile:	/users/myhomedir/sometodofile
.fi

.SH BUGS

Todo can occationally get confused when pages are deleted.  Save the current
contents and reopen to resync the application in this case. New pages are
always prepended before the current page,  there should be a way to choose.
Ideally the display should use an XmCSText with rich text and not plain
ascii,  but that went beyond the scope of the demonstration.
