.\" $XConsortium: i18ninput.man /main/4 1995/07/17 10:47:53 drk $
.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
.TH i18ninput 1X MOTIF "Demonstration programs"
.SH NAME
\*Li18ninput \*O\(em entering text with input methods in Motif's text widgets
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sS
\*Li18ninput\*O
.sE
.SH DESCRIPTION
\*Li18ninput\*O
is a demo fully enabled to interact with input methods. It shows the effect
of different colors and fonts in widgets that interact with input methods.
The "Input Method" help item provides some information on the active input 
method.

This demo is also fully internationalized. It has only been localized to 
english. All localization information is contained in the application 
resource file.

.SH X Defaults
The class of this application is \fIXmdI18nInput\fR. See the application 
resource file for interesting resources to change.

To set a specific resource in your \fI.Xdefaults\fR file,  you specify the
particular widget and resource.
