.\" $XConsortium: simple_drag.man /main/4 1995/07/17 10:45:47 drk $
.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
.TH simple_drag 1X MOTIF "Demonstration programs"
.SH NAME
\*Lsimple_drag\*O\(emDemonstrates how to add an XmNconvertCallback to a ScrollBar widget 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sS
\*Lsimple_drag\*O 
.sE
.SH DESCRIPTION
\*Lsimple_drag\*O illustrates how an application can add an
\*LXmNconvertCallback\*O procedure to a Motif application.
In particular, the application adds an \*LXmNconvertCallback\*O
procedure to a ScrollBar widget.  
.PP
To exercise this program, you should place the cursor on the slider
of the ScrollBar.  Then press <Btn2> to begin a drag operation.
A DragIcon will appear.  Move the DragIcon to the Text widget
and 'drop' the DragIcon anywhere inside the Text widget.
The application will transfer the XmNvalue of the ScrollBar 
to the Text widget.
.PP
For details on the code, see Chapter 17 of the "OSF/Motif Programmer's
Guide."
