.\" $XConsortium: sampler2_0.man /main/5 1996/04/22 23:19:01 pascale $
.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
.TH sampler2_0 1X MOTIF "Demonstration programs"
.SH NAME
\*Lsampler2_0\*O : a 2.0 features showcase
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sS
\*Lsampler2_0\*O
.sE
.SH DESCRIPTION
\*LSampler2_0\*O
provides a demonstration of of almost all the new visible
features the OSF/Motif 2.0 release. 

It uses a Notebook as its main component and each page demonstrates
one or more different new functionalities:
	  - Container in spatial layout

	  - Container in Outline

	  - PanedWindow

	  - CDE FileSelectionBox

	  - New ToggleButton types

	  - ComboBox, Spinbox and Thermometer Scale.


.SH Files
.nf
.ta 1.2i
XmdSampler2_0: the app-default file is very important for usability.
Try something like: XENVIRONMENT=XmdSampler2_0 sampler2_0

.fi
.SH X Defaults
The class of this application is \fIXmdSampler2_0\fR.  

.SH Editres: 
Sampler2_0 is Editres aware, so you can use 'editres' to see the
names of the widgets in the instance hierarchy.

.SH CDE:
Sampler2_0 app-defaults sets the CDE switch on, in
particular, the FileSB is the CDE one, the transfer is done
using Btn1 and the default drag icons are the CDE ones.
