.\" $XConsortium: combo_box.man /main/4 1995/07/17 10:44:48 drk $
.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
.TH combo_box 1X MOTIF "Demonstration programs"
.SH NAME
\*Lcombo_box\*O\(emDemonstrates how to use XmComboBox in a simple application 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sS
\*Lcombo_box\*O
.sE
.SH DESCRIPTION
\*Lcombo_box\*O illustrates how to place an XmComboBox into an application. 
The XmComboBox in the application is of type XmDROP_DOWN_COMBO_BOX. 
You can make a selection by typing it directly into the TextField
or by selecting the item from the DropDown list.  To make the list
drop down, click on the arrow that appears next to the TextField.
.PP
For details on the code, see Chapter 6 of the "OSF/Motif Programmer's
Guide."
