.\" $XConsortium: helloint.man /main/4 1995/07/17 10:47:41 drk $
.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
.TH helloint 1X MOTIF "Demonstration programs"
.SH NAME
\*Lhelloint \*O\(em internationalized hellomotif
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sS
\*Lhelloint\*O
.sE
.SH DESCRIPTION
\*Lhelloint\*O
is the internationalized version of hellomotif. All strings and fonts have
been placed in uil files separate from the main uil file containing the
widget hierarchy. There is one uil file for each language the demo has been
translated to. This translation process is also called localization.

This demo has been localized to english, japanese, hebrew, french and swedish.
The C locale is also supported.
.SH X Defaults

The class of this application is \fIXmdHelloInt\fR.

To set a specific resource in your \fI.Xdefaults\fR file,  you specify the
particular widget and resource.
