.\" $XConsortium: UTMXmText.man /main/4 1995/07/17 10:45:38 drk $
.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
.TH UTMXmText 1X MOTIF "Demonstration programs"
.SH NAME
\*LUTMXmText\*O\(emDemonstrates how to add UTM callbacks to an application
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sS
\*LUTMXmText\*O
.sE
.SH DESCRIPTION
\*LUTMXmText\*O illustrates how an application can add UTM callbacks 
to enhance the data transfer capabilities of a Motif widget.
When you invoke the program, two text widgets will appear.
The top widget is marked as the "DESTINATION" widget.
The bottom widget is marked as the "source" widget.
All text transferred from the "source" widget to the "DESTINATION"
widget will be converted to uppercase.
.PP
For details on the code, see Chapter 16 of the "OSF/Motif Programmer's
Guide."
