.\" $XConsortium: getsubres.man /main/5 1996/04/22 23:15:06 pascale $
.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
.TH getsubres 1X MOTIF "Demonstration programs"
.SH NAME
\*Lgetsubres\*O\ - a viewer of Motif widget resources
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sS
\*Lgetsubres\*O [All|<classname>]
.sE
.SH DESCRIPTION
\*LGetsubres\*O
uses XmGetSecondaryResourceData to fetch the widget
resources that XtGetResourceList won't see.

You can specify which widget resources to display on the command
line by using the syntax "getsubres <name>" with one of those names:

  Object, RectObj, Widget, Core, Composite, Constraint,
  Primitive, ScrollBar, ArrowB, List, Separator, TextF,
  Label, DrawnB, PushB, ToggleB, CascadeB, Text,
  Gadget, ArrowBG, SeparatorG, LabelG, PushBG, ToggleBG, 
  CascadeBG, Manager, BulletinB, DrawingA, Frame, MainW, 
  Form, RowCol, ScrolledW, PanedW, SelectionB, FileSB, 
  MessageB, Scale, Command, Display, Screen, DragContext, 	
  DragIcon, DropSiteMgr, DropTransfer, DragOverS,
  Shell, OverrideShell, WMShell, MenuShell, VendorS,
  ToplevelShell, ApplicationShell, TransientShell, 
  DialogShell, Container, IconGadget, Notebook, ComboBox, 
  SpinBox. (default is Widget)

Or you can use "getsubres All".

.SH X Defaults
The class of this application is \fIXmdGetsubres\fR.  

.SH Editres: 
Getsubres is Editres aware, so you can use 'editres' to see the
names of the widgets in the instance hierarchy.

